Today I show them all
Luksch were
stretched
Harvey Nash Group unchanged
that it's up now
Stretch times
you have hundreds of 60 people
a little bit
a hundred 60 people no electricity
just like here
St end
in Ihringen
and of course one
Have knitting needles
besides Benzing suitable 1
mostly you have difficulties
to knit it to follow
the end
the left corner
the right of the
the other places
with the left left side for Bingen as easy
on the left side
Continue knitting
the end
use
incomprehensible
Neumann
just because
untenrum
pretty strict
Mr on one side
take the pendulum
and then end
long distances
and this
manufacture
a circle
b
Munich high
right
and said
prevent
A setback, of course, could happen
further routes
not now
a great idea
promptly broke